WILL EVOLVE AS TIME GOES NOT SET IN STONE.

MAP:
Implementation of cars to travel between cities; presence of a ressource meter to be used while the travel.

Also certain character can have boats used to travel by sea, possibility of planes we just have to see.

Map styling to be discused.



FIGHT:
Turn base battle bigger scale then 4X3 thinking 5X4.

Presence of cover.

Range character can shoot over cover and cover have certain amount of hp cannot be knockback.

Different level of cover for different durability.

In the type of damage they interact with each other exemple:

	if the target is burning and they are attacked with a wind attack the burning damage will be amplified;

	if the target is burning and they are attacked with a water attack the burning damaage will stop;

	if the target is frozen and they are attacked with a fire attack the frozen state will stop;

	if the target is bleeding and they are attacked with a fire attack the bleed effect will stop because the wound will be cautorized;







GOON BUDS:
Possibilitie of COOP with some friends for the story or events:

instead of Arknights two different floor same grid but gets bigger exponentially.



BASE BUILDING:
Can use the champs that are pull for some type of town defense/tycoon for resource grind.

Cars and boats that are pulled can be put on a showcase parking lot and harbor, can also be shared with friends and guild membres.

With the boats you can send out expeditions.

While on expeditions you cannot use the champs you sent out gives a use for unused champs.

Different boats have differents speed for ressource collecting and can take different amount of people.

Some can have more space but are slower and some can have more speed but less space.




GENERAL SYSTEMS:
Gatcha system for pulling baddies.

Using a 5 star for rarity.

Implement a luck stat that allow you to increase slightly pull odds and other stats that are luck based.

More focus on the side missions and less on main mission so you have charges that you can use to do main mission but no real limit on the side mission
exept for the fact that you have limited availability for the side quest.

Have a like instagram type shit to post fan art and other stuff their bio can be their lore.




EQUIPEMENT:

Main weapon gives bost to basic attack or magic attack.

Helmet increase magic defense of armor.

Glove increase to crit damage.

Up to five ring can be equiped each give minor stats:
	Thumb more attack
	Index crit damage
	Middle max hp
	Ring defense
	Pinky crit change





Character ideas

Have a character that when she crits bonus damage base on luck stat from 0 - 2x current max

Hot rammus alot of armor and alot of thorn.






What makes a bad gatcha game POIGZ Interview:

updates are boring cause of the same updates being a live service game

fair gatcha system

how usable a the low rarety

how easy it is to be free to play

character design

story is ass then game is ass

CONTENT LONG TERM

Character worth the investment 

dailies worth 

low 5 star then alot of pull or low pull but high 5 star

gameplay wise no gimmic just being stronger not fun

fun to play around it

having more stuff to combo and buff and debuff can be fun to play around

showing the damage is satifying

